README.md, before:

# Getting Started with this React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Running the App

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Oceanestars/Asian-Erasure.git
npm ci
npm start
```

Make sure to do `git pull` periodically!
Are you a collaborator? Create a branch!

```bash
git checkout -b <branch_name>
git branch -d <branch_name> (This will delete the branch)

```

## Organization

### Folder structure

```
--- src/
    --- Assets
        - Put Images and Timelines here
    --- Components
        - Reusable elements
        - Folder for each pages
    --- General Files

```

### Format/Naming Convention

- Filename: PascalCase
  ` NavBar.js `
- Component Name: PascalCase
  ```
  function NavBar(props) {
      return (
          <ul>
              <li>Home</li>
              <li>About Us</li>
          </ul>
      );
  }
  ```
- Reference Naming: PascalCase
  ```
  import NavBar from './NavBar';
  ```
- Props: camelCase
  ` <NavBar selectedTab="Home" /> `
  Additionally, using prettier setting to auto format files.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

Commit message:

Updated the read me file and added sass

README.md, after:

# Getting Started with this React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app) and [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/).

## Running the App

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Oceanestars/Asian-Erasure.git
npm ci
npm run dev
```

Make sure to do `git pull` periodically!
Are you a collaborator? Create a branch!

```bash
git checkout -b <branch_name>
git branch -d <branch_name> (This will delete the branch)

```

## Organization

### Folder structure

```
--- components/
    --- These a our react components that our pages uses
--- pages/
    --- Each of our pages is like our nav item in the nav bar
--- public/
    --- Assets
        - Currently old asset folder before conversion to Next.JS
    --- Images
    --- Static
        - Data
--- styles/
    - We have CSS module and SASS is installed so if you'd like to do sass just change the css file to end with scss (like the global file)
    - The underscore means it's a partial file (SASS), if you have css file being repeated across files, please use a partials file
    - If you are new to SASS please read [the sass guide](https://sass-lang.com/guide)


```

### Format/Naming Convention

- Filename: Lower case
  `navbar.js`
- Component Name: PascalCase
  ```
  function Navbar(props) {
      return (
          <ul>
              <li>Home</li>
              <li>About Us</li>
          </ul>
      );
  }
  ```
- Reference Naming: PascalCase
  ```
  import Navbar from './navbar';
  ```
- Props: camelCase
  `<Navbar selectedTab="Home" />`
  Additionally, using prettier setting to auto format files.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm run dev`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

next build(aka npn run build) creates an optimized production build of your application. The output displays information about each route.

Size – The number of assets downloaded when navigating to the page client-side. The size for each route only includes its dependencies.
First Load JS – The number of assets downloaded when visiting the page from the server. The amount of JS shared by all is shown as a separate metric.

### `npm run start`

next start(npm run start will do the build and start command) starts the application in production mode. The application should be compiled with next build first.

The application will start at http://localhost:3000 by default. The default port can be changed with -p, like so:

`npx next start -p 4000`
